



Review: The iPhone 14 is exactly as good as it needed to be | ZDNET


                                         />                                                                                                                                                                             X     Trending    These Experts Are Racing to Protect AI From Hackers. Time is Running Out Motorola's handy Bluetooth device adds satellite messaging Linux 6.2: The first mainstream Linux kernel for Apple M1 chips arrives Sony's new headphones adopt WH-1000XM5 technology at a great price The perfectly pointless $197 gadget that some people will love  ZDNET Recommends Testing RFID blocking cards: Do they work? Do you need one? This almost-great Raspberry Pi alternative is missing one key feature This $75 dock turns your Mac Mini into a Mac Studio (sort of) Samsung's Galaxy S23 Plus is the Goldilocks of Smartphones  Mobile World Congress 2023 Best massage chairs Best iRobot vacuums Best headphones for sleeping Best smart treadmills  Tech    Gaming Headphones Laptops Mobile Accessories Networking PCs  Printers Smartphones Smart Watches Speakers Streaming Devices Streaming Services  Tablets TVs Wearables  Kitchen & Household Office Furniture Office Hardware & Appliances Smart Home Smart Lighting Yard & Outdoors  Innovation    Artificial Intelligence AR + VR Cloud Digital Transformation Energy  Robotics Sustainability Transportation Work Life  Accelerate your tech game Paid Content How the New Space Race Will Drive Innovation How the metaverse will change the future of work and society  Managing the Multicloud The Future of the Internet The New Rules of Work The Tech Trends to Watch in 2023  Business    See all Business Amazon Apple Developer E-Commerce  Edge Computing Enterprise Software Executive Google Microsoft  Professional Development Social Media SMB Windows  Digital transformation: Trends and insights for success Software development: Emerging trends and changing roles  Security      See all Security Cyber Threats Password Manager Ransomware VPN  Cybersecurity: Let's get tactical Securing the Cloud  Advice      Deals How-to Product Comparisons Product Spotlights Reviews  Buying Guides    See all Buying Guides Best all-in-one computers Best budget TVs Best gaming CPUs Best gaming laptops Best gaming PCs  Best headphones Best iPads Best iPhones Best laptops Best large tablets Best OLED TVs  Best robot vacuum mops Best rugged tablets Best Samsung phones Best smart rings Best smartphones Best smartwatches  Best speakers Best tablets Best travel VPNs Best TVs Best VPNs   tomorrow belongs to those who embrace it today       
          Asia
        
          Australia
        
          Europe
        
          India
        
          United Kingdom
        
          United States
         ZDNET France ZDNET Germany ZDNET Korea ZDNET Japan        Go  Most Popular          See all Topics Finance Education Health  Special Features ZDNET In Depth ZDNET Recommends  Newsletters Videos Editorial Guidelines        Trending  These Experts Are Racing to Protect AI From Hackers. Time is Running Out Motorola's handy Bluetooth device adds satellite messaging Linux 6.2: The first mainstream Linux kernel for Apple M1 chips arrives Sony's new headphones adopt WH-1000XM5 technology at a great price The perfectly pointless $197 gadget that some people will love ZDNET Recommends Testing RFID blocking cards: Do they work? Do you need one? This almost-great Raspberry Pi alternative is missing one key feature This $75 dock turns your Mac Mini into a Mac Studio (sort of) Samsung's Galaxy S23 Plus is the Goldilocks of Smartphones Mobile World Congress 2023 Best massage chairs Best iRobot vacuums Best headphones for sleeping Best smart treadmills Tech  Gaming Headphones Laptops Mobile Accessories Networking PCs Printers Smartphones Smart Watches Speakers Streaming Devices Streaming Services Tablets TVs Wearables Kitchen & Household Office Furniture Office Hardware & Appliances Smart Home Smart Lighting Yard & Outdoors Innovation  Artificial Intelligence AR + VR Cloud Digital Transformation Energy Robotics Sustainability Transportation Work Life Accelerate your tech game Paid Content How the New Space Race Will Drive Innovation How the metaverse will change the future of work and society Managing the Multicloud The Future of the Internet The New Rules of Work The Tech Trends to Watch in 2023 Business  See all Business Amazon Apple Developer E-Commerce Edge Computing Enterprise Software Executive Google Microsoft Professional Development Social Media SMB Windows Digital transformation: Trends and insights for success Software development: Emerging trends and changing roles Security  See all Security Cyber Threats Password Manager Ransomware VPN Cybersecurity: Let's get tactical Securing the Cloud Advice  Deals How-to Product Comparisons Product Spotlights Reviews Buying Guides  See all Buying Guides Best all-in-one computers Best budget TVs Best gaming CPUs Best gaming laptops Best gaming PCs Best headphones Best iPads Best iPhones Best laptops Best large tablets Best OLED TVs Best robot vacuum mops Best rugged tablets Best Samsung phones Best smart rings Best smartphones Best smartwatches Best speakers Best tablets Best travel VPNs Best TVs Best VPNs More  See all Topics Finance Education Health Special Features ZDNET In Depth ZDNET Recommends Newsletters Videos Editorial Guidelines  Tech     
    Why you can trust ZDNET
  : ZDNET independently tests and researches products to bring you our best recommendations and advice. When you buy through our links, we may earn a commission. Our process     'ZDNET Recommends': What exactly does it mean? ZDNET's recommendations are based on many hours of testing, research, and comparison shopping. We gather data from the best available sources, including vendor and retailer listings as well as other relevant and independent reviews sites. And we pore over customer reviews to find out what matters to real people who already own and use the products and services we’re assessing.When you click through from our site to a retailer and buy a product or service, we may earn affiliate commissions. This helps support our work, but does not affect what we cover or how, and it does not affect the price you pay. Neither ZDNET nor the author are compensated for these independent reviews.  Indeed, we follow strict guidelines that ensure our editorial content is never influenced by advertisers.ZDNET's editorial team writes on behalf of you, our reader. Our goal is to deliver the most accurate information and the most knowledgeable advice possible in order to help you make smarter buying decisions on tech gear and a wide array of products and services. Our editors  thoroughly review and fact-check every article to ensure that our content meets the highest standards. If we have made an error or published misleading information, we will correct or clarify the article. If you see inaccuracies in our content, please report the mistake via this form. Close  
      Home
    
      Tech
    
      Smartphones
    
      iPhone
      
    Review: The iPhone 14 is exactly as good as it needed to be
   
    The iPhone 14 doesn't have as many upgrades as the iPhone 14 Pro, but if camera quality is your main focus, then you're in luck.
      Written by 
            Jason Cipriani, Contributing Writer   
        on
        Sept. 27, 2022                     Apple iPhone 14 4.5   /  5 
  Very good
 pros and cons Pros Improved camera Strong performance Improved repairability is consumer-friendly Cons Lack of SIM card tray will be an issue for some Battery life is a concern $799 at Apple$799 at Best Buy$799 at Verizon more buying choices Let's get this out of the way right now -- the $799 iPhone 14 is a fantastic smartphone with strong camera performance and reliable overall performance, and battery life that's a little concerning. I've been using Apple's latest base iPhone model, the iPhone 14, for about 10 days alongside the iPhone 14 Pro Max. The iPhone 14 and 14 Pro Max are very similar but quite different at the same time.For someone who is coming from an iPhone 11 or older, the camera, design, and overall performance are well worth investing in Apple's latest. Upgrading from an iPhone 13 to an iPhone 14, or even from an iPhone 12, isn't the most compelling move, but for everyone else who just needs a new iPhone -- the iPhone 14 is well worth the investment. However, if you're someone who wants a larger phone, you can either pick up the iPhone 14 Pro Max right now (assuming you can find it in stock) or wait for the $899 iPhone 14 Plus to launch on Oct. 7. Preorders for the larger-screen iPhone 14 model are currently live.How and why did I come to those conclusions? Let's dig in.Also: How to get the best deal on the new iPhone 14 modelsSpecifications  Processor Apple A15 BionicDisplay 6.1-inch Super Retina XDRMemory 6GBStorage 128GB, 256GB, 512GBCameras 12-megapixel main, 12-megapixel ultrawide, 12-megapixel TrueDepthBattery Up to 20 hoursConnectivity 802.11ax, Bluetooth 5.3, 5G (Sub6/mmWave) Operating system iOS 16Colors Midnight, Starlight, Blue, Purple, Product RED   Familiar design, with one exceptionAside from the color options, the iPhone 14 is nearly identical to the iPhone 13 in design. There's really only one noticeable change to my eye, and that's the lack of a SIM card tray on the iPhone 14. Apple has made the decision to go all-in on eSIM, the digital version of the small plastic card we've all moved between phones. During the initial setup of the iPhone 14, I was asked if I wanted to transfer my existing phone number from my personal iPhone 13 Pro Max to the iPhone 14. Keep in mind, before powering on the iPhone 14 and signing in with my Apple ID, there was no way for the iPhone 14 to know which phone number I had or that would be assigned to it. Also: Here's how the major carriers are handling the iPhone 14 eSIMAfter selecting that I did want the iPhone 14 to use my phone number, Apple and my carrier did some magic behind the scenes and my number was transferred to the new iPhone in under two minutes. It was truly an easy experience.  I covered more details about making the switch from SIM card to iPhone 14 eSIM here, which should help you get started. As for the colors, you can get the iPhone 14 in Midnight, Starlight, Blue, Purple, or Product RED, with storage starting at 128GB, with 256GB and 512GB options.      The side of the iPhone no longer has a SIM card slot.  Jason Cipriani/ZDNETPerformance and battery lifeIf you visit Apple's comparison tool, pitting the iPhone 13 against the iPhone 14, you'll notice that the phones use the same A15 Bionic processor. This is the first time Apple has used the previous-generation processor in a new iPhone model, with the iPhone maker relying on the already solid performance the A15 Bionic brought to the iPhone 13. ZDNET Recommends   The 7 best smartphones From 5G to an amazing camera -- there's a phone here to meet your every need. 
          Read now
          To be clear, there is a slight difference between the A15 Bionic that's used in the iPhone 14. It has a five-core GPU, as opposed to the four cores in the iPhone 13 version. Apple says that extra core brings a roughly 18% boost in GPU performance to the iPhone 14. I haven't noticed any significant performance improvement over the iPhone 13 Pro Max, but I never had a complaint about performance on the iPhone 13 in general. That's to say -- I don't think performance is an issue with the iPhone 14. I had no issues when multitasking between apps, or playing Ballistic Baseball. Apple has a track record of supporting devices via software updates for several years, so I'm not worried about the company dropping support for the iPhone 14 anytime soon, despite having the same processor as the now 1-year-old iPhone 13. Another internal difference between the two generations is a boost in memory, going from 4GB in the iPhone 13 to 6GB in the iPhone 14. That added memory will help keep apps and tabs open in memory longer and improve multitasking overall.       Jason Cipriani/ZDNETBattery life is supposed to be ever-so-slightly better, with the iPhone 14 gaining an extra hour of video playback. After over a week of testing, the battery life is my lone area of concern for the iPhone 14. Maybe it's because I came from the iPhone 13 Pro Max with a bigger battery, but I pushed the iPhone 14's battery charge to its limit on a daily basis. On a busy day, or even a day full of traveling for a work trip, I have no doubt I'd have to charge the battery before the end of the day to ensure that I'd have enough power to make it.Also: Bad battery after installing iOS 16? Don't panic, do this insteadI'm intrigued to see what battery life is like on the iPhone 14 Plus, the 6.7-inch version of the iPhone 14. Battery life is usually better on the larger-screened iPhone models, and if that's also the case this year, then the Plus may end up being very popular.       Jason Cipriani/ZDNETCamera upgradesThe biggest changes Apple made to the iPhone 14 all have to do with the camera. Apple calls the iPhone 14's camera system an "advanced dual-camera system," thanks in part to some hardware upgrades but also because of some iOS camera software features that are new this year. There's a new 12-megapixel main camera with a larger sensor that harnesses Apple's new Photonic Engine for better performance. Apple promises improved low-light performance from the engine, and the addition of a new Action mode for capturing video. Also: iPhone 14 Pro: Huge new camera sensor, same slow Lightning transfers     When enabled, Action mode will stabilize your recorded video in a similar fashion to GoPro cameras. You'll want to use the new mode outdoors, or at least in an area with plenty of light. I've done a couple of random jogs around my home and backyard and can confirm, Action mode does indeed keep the iPhone's video smooth and stable. I can't wait to play around with this feature some more to see where it really excels, and where it falls short. The fact that it needs a well-lit environment is a bit of a letdown. As for the main camera, I've taken a bunch of photos and the iPhone 14's main camera is definitely an improvement over the iPhone 13. From a quick portrait mode photo that I took of my bulldog, Emoji, to the photo of a sunset you can see below, the iPhone 14's camera does a great job of capturing and reflecting colors, lighting, and details.       Jason Cipriani/ZDNETThe above photo hasn't been edited other than cropping the image in order to publish it. All of the color and saturation settings have remained untouched. Safety firstYou can expect more features to be enabled on the iPhone 14 in future. The new Emergency SOS via Satellite feature, for example, isn't available yet. That's supposed to go live in November and will remain a free service for the next two years. Pricing after that isn't yet known. Garmin offers a similar service on stand-alone devices with price plans starting at $15 a month, but I imagine Apple will figure out a way to bundle it into its Apple One plans. The new emergency communication feature comes alongside a dedicated crash detection feature that will automatically identify when you're in a car crash and contact emergency services to get you help.   Buy the Apple iPhone 14 View now at AppleAlso: The iPhone 14 Pro packs a lot more innovation for the same price as last yearBottom lineIt's easy to call out Apple as having repurposed the iPhone 13's internals, made a small tweak here and there, and called it the iPhone 14. This year, Apple drew a deeper line in the sand to differentiate the iPhone 14 from the iPhone 14 Pro lineup. The iPhone 14 Pro line is clearly for those who want a major change from last year's design.As I said at the top, the iPhone 14 is a great phone, and for someone who is coming from an iPhone 11 or older, the iPhone 14 is a major upgrade. The camera, design, and overall performance are well worth investing in Apple's latest. Apple    

          Don't waste your money on these Apple products
         

          Apple Mac Mini (2023) vs Mac Studio: Is M2 really better than M1?
         

          How to use your iPhone as a TV remote
         

          Is Apple sweating yet? These 4 companies just turned up the heat at CES
            

            Don't waste your money on these Apple products
           

            Apple Mac Mini (2023) vs Mac Studio: Is M2 really better than M1?
           

            How to use your iPhone as a TV remote
           

            Is Apple sweating yet? These 4 companies just turned up the heat at CES
           Editorial standards  Show Comments  
          Log In to Comment
         Community Guidelines            ZDNET we equip you to harness the power of disruptive innovation, at work and at home. TopicsGalleriesVideosDo Not Sell or Share My Personal Information about ZDNETMeet The TeamSitemapReprint Policy Join |
    Log InNewslettersSite AssistanceLicensing     
  © 2023 ZDNET, A Red Ventures company. All rights reserved.
 Privacy Policy |
  Cookie Settings |
  Advertise |
  Terms of Use 


